# Christmas Lyrics

## Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree

Rockin' around the Christmas tree, at the Christmas party hop

Mistletoe hung where you can see ev'ry couple tries to stop

Rockin' around the Christmas tree, let the Christmas spirit ring

Later we'll have some pumpkin pie and we'll do some caroling

`(disclaimer: We do not have pumpkin pie)`

You will get a sentimental feeling when you hear

voices singing "Let's be jolly, Deck! the halls with boughs of holly"

Rockin' around the Christmas tree, have a happy holiday

Ev'ryone dancing merrily in the new old fashioned way

## Jingle Bells

We're dashing through the snow, in a one horse open sleigh

and o'er the fields we go, a-laughing all the way

The bells on bob-tail ring, they're making spirits bright

What fun it is to ride and sing a sleighing song tonight

Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way

Oh what fun it is to ride in a one horse open sleigh

Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way

Oh what fun it is to ride in a one horse open sleigh

A day or two ago, I thought I'd take a ride

and soon Miss Fannie Bright was seated by my side

The horse was lean and lank, misfortune seem'd his lot

He got into a drifted bank and then we got up-sot

## Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas

(intro)

Christmas future is far away, Christmas past is past

Christmas present is here today, bringing joy that will last

Have yourself a merry little Christmas, let your heart be light

From now on, our troubles will be out of sight

Have yourself a merry little Christmas, make the yuletide gay

From now on, our troubles will be miles away

Here we are as in olden days, happy golden days of yore

Faithful friends who are dear to us, gather near to us once more

Through the years we all will be together, if the Fates allow

Hang a shining star upon the highest bough

and have yoursellf a merry little Christmas now

## Holly Jolly Christmas

Have a holly jolly Christmas, it's the best time of the year

I don't know if there'll be snow but have a cup of cheer.

`(disclaimer: We do have snow)`

Have a holly jolly Christmas, and when you walk down the street,

say hello to friends you know and ev'ry one you meet.

Oh, ho, the mistletoe, hung where you can see

Somebody waits for you, kiss her once for me

Have a holly jolly Christmas, and in case you didn't hear,

Oh, by golly, have a holly jolly Christmas this year.

## Let it Snow!

Oh the weather outside is frightful

But the fire is so delightful

And since we've no place to go

Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!

It doesn't show signs of stopping

And I brought some corn for popping

The lights are turned way down low,

Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!

When we finally kiss good-night,

How I'll hate going out in the storm!

But if you'll really hold me tight

All the way home I'll be warm

The fire is slowly dying

And my dear, we're still goodbye-ing

But as long as you love me so,

Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!
